hey guys it's all and if you haven't
noticed I did change my channel name it
used to be pink slaves but now it's Ola
just because I'm up a slaves with like a
little confusing people who didn't
really know what it met into guys I
didn't really know what it meant either
and all it's just simple because it's
just my first name so I thought it was
easier to remember and just more me
because it's my day so today I'm gonna
be showing you just some of my favorite
products I've been really loving lately
and I don't have too many because I want
to bore you but I do have a good amount
of my favorites so I'm going to show you
them so first I've been really loving
this if you know skin relief overnight
cream and its really thick and it isn't
overnight cream so you just put it on at
night I like to put it on my on my arms
and on my legs and I really noticed a
difference it really um hydrates your
skin and it really I feel like it really
like gets in your skin and really just
Norrish use your skin and um yeah I'm
it's natural and everything my skin is
super dry so it's really hard for me to
find products that really work and I
feel like this does a pretty good job
especially because it's still pretty
cold out and it's also at the drugstore
so it's really easy to get and its
upward will - another favorite is this
bastante dry shampoo oh and this is the
blush scent I think it really does a
great job of just um
obviously it's dry shampoo so it really
just does a great job at cleaning your
hair when you don't have enough time but
obviously you don't use this as like
instead of showering your hair I mean
checkmate oh this is just like to touch
it up like obviously but it's all really
good
yeah it's increased wrong though but so
yeah you can put it in the roots and
just kind of massage it so another one
of my favorites is this teacher water
toner water from lush and I just like
spritz it all over my face and it just
really like sinks into my face and just
kind of like lets my skin breathe kind
of and it's made with like fresh natural
products so has teaching water your
grapefruit water it's made for people
with like oily or acne-prone skin this
stuff works for me even though I don't
have like really oily face so I think
this is great for like any face tight
but yeah it smells really good let's do
the Gigi in last but not least is this
Paris daydream city of love candle from
Bath & Body Works the packaging first of
all let's talk about packaging it's like
a light pink on the front it has a
picture of the Eiffel Tower and it just
says Paris daydream that's really cute
font and on the bottom it says city of
love it took a little drunk so perfect
also I burnt the bottom because I like
close the lid on yeah it's really good
so yeah that's it for this video thank
you guys so much for watching